---
author: leibniz
published: true
date: 2003-09-20 07:52:00+00:00
layout: post
title: Titolo
categories:
- web
---

   **   Guida ai giornali americani   
**   E' una cosa che gira e che Leibniz voleva postare da un po'. 

>  
> 
>_ The Wall Street Journal_ is read by the people who run the country.
> 
>  _ The New York Times_ is read by people who think they run the country.
> 
>  _ The Washington Post_ is read by people who think they should run the country.
> 
>  _ USA Today_ is read by people who think they ought to run the country but don't really understand the Washington Post. They do, however, like their smog statistics shown in pie charts.
> 
>  _ The Los Angeles Times_ is read by people who wouldn't mind running the country, if they could spare the time, and if they didn't have to leave L.A. to do it.
> 
>  _ The Boston Globe_ is read by people whose parents used to run the country and they did a far superior job of it, thank you very much.
> 
>  _ The New York Daily News_ is read by people who aren't too sure who's running the country, and don't really care as long as they can get a seat on the train.
> 
>  _ The New York Post_ is read by people who don't care who's running the country either, as long as they do something really scandalous, preferably while intoxicated.
> 
>  _ The San Francisco Chronicle_ is read by people who aren't sure there is a country, or that anyone is running it; but whoever it is, they oppose all that they stand for. There are occasional exceptions if the leaders are handicapped minority feministic atheist dwarfs, who also happen to be illegal aliens from ANY country or galaxy as long as they are democrats.
> 
>  _ The Miami Herald_ is read by people who are running another country, but need the baseball scores.

L*
